So that's symbols.
And I'm not sure how to create them and why they are useful when they are useful.
And now of course there is more to it.
Otherwise as much will would be over right.
So what do I have to add here.
There are so so-called well known symbols already implemented in shovels crib towards shipping with
ESX.
Those well known symbols are defined are already defined and offer some core functionalities on certain
objects or things in your language and to make this a bit more precise.
So let me give you an example so I'll get rid of all of that and I'll create a new class person here
let's say it looks like this.
And it doesn't have anything in inside of it right now.
That's fine.
And then I log this person class and then I create a new person with the new keyboard here.
Then I log breezed
through I think I'll see if I now run well as the object object which is a bit sad because I could also
see object person at least to show me that person is an object of type person or something like that
.
But that's how he bolt in to string function already built in to string tag function to be precise works
But the thing responsible for this output actually can be overwritten with a symbol and I'll show you
how I may access my Berzon thought prototypes so the prototype offers purist's an object.
And on this prototype I can access symbol and then with.
As I said there are a couple of built in kind of static fields which you can access.
For example the two string tag.
No that's no function that's a symbol just a built in one.
So it's kind of a unique ID or a shared ID which I can access from this field here.
So by using this I could rename this to person and now watch what happens if I had run again.
I to see optic person here.
So we change the behavior.
And here again we are in the field of metaprogramming of course that's probably not something you're
going to print out to the user but it might be useful for you during programming or for sound checks
.
And there are other well known symbols as well.
Now the best way to find out about them is to just google for E-6 well-known symbols and you should
find an article on the empty empty muzzleloader Developer Network which generally is about symbols.
And then also has the section on well-known symbols and you'll see there are quite a lot of them and
you can go through them to learn more about there as well now and pulled in symbols if you're interested
.
You'll also see some of them throughout the score.
All right now I want to show you one additional I want to show you the two primitive symbol for example
.
I'm going to get rid of this code and or create an array here instead which is simply one view.
Let's say like that.
Yes.
So that's my array.
Now if I use this array and let's say I print numbers that's one thing I think I'll see if I had run
.
Well I get one to free one.
So it makes a string out of that and adds the one at the end.
Yeah probably not what I wanted.
So with the Sopel we could actually change this before printing it out or actually take my numbers and
remember an array is just an object therefore I can access properties on numbers.
And here again I use symbol to access such a bold in symbol such a both in property with the two primitive
symbol.
And again just because it's important.
Remember this would just yield me a unique ID which is registered as a property in my array object.
So that's what I'm accessing here.
And this actually is a function which is responsible for handling this array object.
If it should be transformed to a primitive and Javascript will try to transform it to a primitive.
If for example I use it in a calculation with the plus operator here so that it will trigger dysfunction
which is registered under this symbol.
So I can override we're here of course.
Now I could write that behavior to actually add all these numbers but I can also do something like return
9 9.
And what do you think will happen for now.
Run I see 1000.
And of course while this might not be the behavior you want you see the power of that to see what you
actually can do with that.
And of course you can also order might be a good exercise.
Your time try to write some logic to actually print out the some of this era.
So instead of making it a string and that is the average big part or the big advantage primitives Excuse
me symbols offer they allow you to use that was well known symbols to override default behavior on built
in objects.
And again check out there is an article here for more information on that and to learn which are built
in symbols exist